# Changelog

## 7.1.0 (2024-11-19)

- Refactor: renamed `type-check` command to `ts`.
- Refactor: changed `with { type: 'json' }` for package.json import.
- Chore: pinned GH workflow action versions.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 7.0.1 (2024-11-12)

- Fix: fixed Eslint config.

## 7.0.0 (2024-11-10)

- Refactor: major refactor to the codebase to bump the usability/DX.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 6.1.0 (2024-11-07)

- Feat: added HMR support to Pinia store.
- Feat: enabled `preprocessorMaxWorkers` settings in Vite config. This speeds up CSS processing in larger projects.
- Chore: upgraded Renovate config.
- Chore: changed Playwright mobile test to use iPhone SE.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 6.0.0 (2024-10-24)

- Feat: migrated Eslint configs to the new flat format.
- Feat: added VSCode settings and extension recommendations.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 5.4.0 (2024-06-20)

- Chore: pinned Eslint version temporarily to 8.x
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 5.3.1 (2024-06-04)

- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 5.3.0 (2024-05-02)

- Refactor: realigned with create vue
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 5.2.1 (2024-01-13)

- Chore: Added `github-actions` manager for Renovate

## 5.2.0 (2023-12-29)

- Feat: Upgraded Vue to version 3.4.0
- Refactor: realigned TS configs to conform `create-vue`
- Refactor: moved store and router into package index

## 5.1.0 (2023-12-04)

- Upgraded vitest to version 1.0.0

## 5.0.0 (2023-11-24)

- Feat: added `router` instance to store.
- Enhancement: titles / head meta are now reactive.
- Fix: added type=module to package.json.
- Docs: updated homepage and README.

## 4.3.0 (2023-11-17)

- Feat: upgraded Vite to v5.0

## 4.2.0 (2023-07-05)

- Feat: added [@egoist/tailwindcss-icons](https://github.com/egoist/tailwindcss-icons)
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 4.1.0 (2023-06-14)

- Feat: added explicit `DEBUG=0` for dev command to [silence Tailwind JIT noise](https://til.unessa.net/tailwind/silence-tailwind-debug-output/).
- Fix: components types are again inferred correctly in templates.
- Refactor: updated TS configurations again to match better `create vue` defaults.
- Refactor: moved autogenerated `d.ts` files from root to `scr/`.
- Chore: changed vitest coverage to use `v8` instead of `c8`.
- Chore: updated GH action to use pnpm 8, Node 18 and coverage action v2.0.0.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 4.0.0 (2023-04-13)

- Feat: added coverage reporting to pull requests.
- Refactor: converted component tests to Vitest. Thank You @WebPirat for the report (#223)
- Refactor: updated configurations to match better `create vue` defaults.
- Refactor: removed Tailwind Firefox rule.
- Tooling: added eslint rules for variable length and usage. Use `i` and `j` for trivial loop indexes and `_` for unused variable.
- Chore: bumped all deps.

## 3.1.0 (2022-07-17)

- Feat: upgraded Vite to v3.0.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 3.0.0 (2022-06-04)

- Feat: added `"allowSyntheticDefaultImports": true` to `tsconfig.json`
- Feat: added Renovate bot
- Feat: use Playwright instead of Cypress.io for e2e and component tests. (Thank You to @pavelfeldman for helping w/ Playwright configuration)
- Feat: use Vitest for component tests
- Feat: added Vitest config file. Thanks @YusufcanY for the recommendation.
- Fix: Fix alias in Vite config for better Windows compatibility. Thanks @BraianAzcune for the report.
- Chore: Removed GitLab config. If you use GitLab, the chances are you already know how to configure it. Use [the latest 2.x version](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter/blob/f3c699a3f203e6ae19419ba68ae84ae8e2ec208d/.gitlab-ci.yml) as a base if you need one and modify to your needs.

## 2.1.0 (2022-03-12)

- Feat: added `unplugin-auto-import` for automatic package imports.
- Feat: added `unplugin-vue-components` for automatic component imports.
- Feat: added `cssnano` for minimizing production CSS.
- Feat: added security plugin for ESlint.
- Fix: fixed Tailwind config to v3 form.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 2.0.0 (2022-03-06)

This release is dedicated to the brave people of Ukraine. Слава Україні! 🇺🇦

- Feat: replaced Vuex with Pinia store.
- Feat: added Vitest for unit tests.
- Tooling: simplified and improved the GitHub Actions pipeline.
- Docs: added Code of Conduct document.

## 1.13.0 (2022-03-06)

This is the last version using Vuex for storage.

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.12.0 (2021-02-07)

Vue 3 is now the default version -- congrats for the Vue team and the community!

- Chore: bump deps.
- Docs: upgraded all links in docs to point to the new official docs.

## 1.11.0 (2021-12-13)

- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.10.0 (2021-12-13)

- Feat: upgraded Tailwind to version 3.0.
- Docs: documented more package versions.
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.9.0 (2021-10-28)

- Fix: removed unnecessary code ([#193](https://github.com/Uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter/issues/193))
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.8.0 (2021-10-05)

- Feat: added configuration and example for Cypress component testing. Thank You [@ItsNothingPersonal](https://github.com/ItsNothingPersonal) for the contribution. (#188)
- Tooling: replaced `.prettierrc` with `eslint-config-prettier` to consolidate tool configurations.
- Tooling: removed `space-before-function-paren`eslint configuration (which now changes default formatting to always include a space before function parenthesis) as Prettier won't respect it since version 2.0. [Read this blog post](https://joshuatz.com/posts/2020/prettier-function-parenthesis-spacing-opinionated-is-key/) if you want to keep the old behavior.
- Docs: documented the [GitLab mirror](https://gitlab.com/uninen/vite-ts-tailwind-starter).
- Docs: tweaked the project markup and layout.
- Chore: removed the (partially outdated) Cypress example tests. If you need examples, better to study for example the [official kitchen sink example repo](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink) that has up to date examples.

## 1.7.2 (2021-09-26)

- Fix: fixed and documented an issue w/ `import.meta.env` types
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.7.1 (2021-09-25)

- Fix: fixed IntelliSense for `import.meta.env` types
- Docs: documented `import.meta.env`
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.7.0 (2021-09-22)

- Feat: added proper TypeScript support for Cypress. Thank You [@ItsNothingPersonal](https://github.com/ItsNothingPersonal) for the contribution. (#182)
- Chore: bump deps. (Includes new `@vitejs/plugin-vue` which adds support for TS in template expressions.)

## 1.6.0 (2021-09-17)

- Feat: upgraded TypeScript to 4.4
- Docs: documented code coverage situation under Vite, added more general docs to homepage.
- Fix: fixed eslint configuration issue.
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.5.1 (2021-08-17)

- Chore: bump deps; upgraded Vite to 2.5 and Cypress to 8.3.

## 1.5.0 (2021-08-12)

- Feat: Upgraded to Vue 3.2 w/ new `script setup` sugar. This is now pre-configured in Vite settings. (Make sure to use Volar extension to take full advantage of it!)
- Chore: bump deps.

## 1.4.1 (2021-08-04)

- Chore: Renamed master branch from trunk to main to be more developer-friendly.

## 1.4.0 (2021-08-04)

- Feat: Added `vue-router` (it's easier to remove things than to add them in) and a couple of demo pages.
- Feat: Added `vercel.json` that works with `vue-router`. You can now publish this template on Vercel and everything Just Works.
- Feat: Added `VITE_APP_BUILD_EPOCH` (generated build time as `new Date().getTime()`)
- Feat: added `yarn preview` command.
- Feat: added Tailwind Firefox-variant (documented on the Index page).
- Feat: Cypress version from 7.x to 8.x
- Docs: Added documentation about using Vuex actions, and added recommendation of Volar.
- Docs: added a screenshot of typed Vue templates under Volar.
- Refactor: Changed `_APP_VERSION` to `VITE_APP_VERSION`
- Fix: fixed Vuex devtools compatibility.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.3.1 (2021-07-02)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.3.0 (2021-06-14)

- Feat: upgraded Vue to 3.1.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.2.0 (2021-05-30)

- Feat: upgraded Vue to 3.1 beta. (If you prefer to use a safer option, just change the requirement in `package.json`.)
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.1.2 (2021-04-08)

- Fix: fixed Cypress version in GitLab CI conf.

## 1.1.1 (2021-04-07)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.1.0 (2021-03-16)

- Feat: added [Tailwind JIT compiler](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss-jit).
- Chore: upgraded Vite to 2.1.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.0.2 (2021-03-10)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.0.1 (2021-03-01)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 1.0.0 (2021-02-22)

- Feat: added an example of `_APP_VERSION` using version from `package.json`
- Docs: tweaked README.
- Chore: upgraded Tailwind from PostCSS 7 compatibility build to latest PostCSS 8.
- Chore: upgraded Vite from beta to latest 2.0.
- Chore: changed dependabot interval to monthly.

## 0.9.0 (2021-02-08)

- Feat: added a fully typed example of Vuex 4 store (It's much easier to strip out if you don't need it than to build manually every time you do.)
- Feat: added `@tailwindcss/line-clamp` plugin.
- Feat: added `_APP_VERSION` constant that can be defined build time.
- Refactor: moved to the new [script setup syntax](https://github.com/vuejs/rfcs/pull/227). (At the time of this change Vetur doesn't understand this syntax yet so you might want to use Volar instead.)
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.8.0 (2021-01-28)

- Feat: added an alias for referring `<project_root>/src` with just `@`.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.7.0 (2021-01-21)

- Feat: upgraded Cypress and GitLab Cypress image to 6.3.0.
- Feat: added [postcss-nesting](https://github.com/jonathantneal/postcss-nesting) plugin.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.6.2 (2021-01-18)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.6.1 (2021-01-08)

- Fix: moved non-browser packages to dev dependencies.
- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.6.0 (2021-01-07)

- Feat: upgraded Vite to 2.0 Beta.
- Fix: fixed GitHub actions.

## 0.5.3 (2020-12-28)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.5.2 (2020-12-21)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.5.1 (2020-12-15)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.5.0 (2020-12-07)

- Feat: added `vite.config.js`.
- Chore: bumped deps.
- Fix: repackaged TailwindCSS compatibility version as per new docs.

## 0.4.2 (2020-11-23)

- Chore: bumped deps.

## 0.4.1 (2020-11-19)

- Fix: fixed Tailwind package.

## 0.4.0 (2020-11-18)

- Upgraded to Tailwind 2.0
- Added `@tailwindcss/aspect-ratio` and `@tailwindcss/forms` plugins

## 0.3.0 (2020-11-17)

- Added pre-configured GitLab CI, moved project to GitLab
- Renamed master branch to trunk
- Bumped deps

## 0.2.0 (2020-10-24)

- Added commented out tailwind UI config

## 0.1.0 (2020-09-28)

- Added changelog
- Added Cypress.io tests

## 0.0.0 (2020-09-15)

- Initial version
